docs: add people-picker form associated custom elements spec (#3143)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit: specs/mgt-people-picker.md

<mgt-people-picker group-ids="02bd9fd6-8f93-4758-87c3-1fb73740a315,06f62f70-9827-4e6e-93ef-8e0f2d9b7b23"></mgt-people-picker>
```

## Form validation

The mgt-people-picker component can be used as a form control in a form, and the form can be submitted with the attributes as part of the form data. It makes use of the form-associated custom elements API, which provides a new set of capabilities that make custom controls work like built-in form controls. The component will implement the form-associated behaviors to participate in form submission, validation, and other form-related behaviors. [Read more](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JO8puctCSpW-ZYGU8lF-h4FWRIDQNDVexzHoOQ2iQmY/edit?pli=1#heading=h.2hgix04sc53t) about the form-associated custom elements API and [how to create custom form controls](https://css-tricks.com/creating-custom-form-controls-with-elementinternals/).

> The properties here are listed as they are used as part of the validation of the control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following properties are used as part of the required field validation for the component.
```

<mgt-people-picker group-ids="02bd9fd6-8f93-4758-87c3-1fb73740a315,06f62f70-9827-4e6e-93ef-8e0f2d9b7b23"></mgt-people-picker>
```

## Form validation

> 

Reviewer: Delete extra new line

The mgt-people-picker component can be used as a form control in a form, and the form can be submitted with the attributes as part of the form data. It makes use of the form-associated custom elements API, which provides a new set of capabilities that make custom controls work like built-in form controls. The component will implement the form-associated behaviors to participate in form submission, validation, and other form-related behaviors. [Read more](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JO8puctCSpW-ZYGU8lF-h4FWRIDQNDVexzHoOQ2iQmY/edit?pli=1#heading=h.2hgix04sc53t) about the form-associated custom elements API and [how to create custom form controls](https://css-tricks.com/creating-custom-form-controls-with-elementinternals/).

The component can be used with the following attributes, which can then be validated as part of the form submission. 

> | Attribute          | Description                                                                                                 | Implementation                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: let's use the properties on the object instead as the attributes are inputs while the selectedPeople property changes value as the user interacts with the control.

<mgt-people-picker group-ids="02bd9fd6-8f93-4758-87c3-1fb73740a315,06f62f70-9827-4e6e-93ef-8e0f2d9b7b23"></mgt-people-picker>
```

## Form-associated custom elements

> 

Reviewer: The properties here are listed as they are used as part of the validation of the control.

## Form validation

The mgt-people-picker component can be used as a form control in a form, and the form can be submitted with the attributes as part of the form data. It makes use of the form-associated custom elements API, which provides a new set of capabilities that make custom controls work like built-in form controls. The component will implement the form-associated behaviors to participate in form submission, validation, and other form-related behaviors. [Read more](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JO8puctCSpW-ZYGU8lF-h4FWRIDQNDVexzHoOQ2iQmY/edit?pli=1#heading=h.2hgix04sc53t) about the form-associated custom elements API and [how to create custom form controls](https://css-tricks.com/creating-custom-form-controls-with-elementinternals/).

The properties here are listed as they are used as part of the validation of the control.

> | Property on the object          | Description                                                                                                 | Implementation                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: Let's remove the implementation column, we're talkig about object properties now, not attributes in markup.

Perhaps we should add a column for the type of the property instead to ensure clarity

| ------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `required`         | Sets whether the input is required. The form is invalid if the required field is not populated.             | `<mgt-people-picker required></mgt-people-picker>`                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `required`         | Determines if the required field validation is to be executed. When `true` the field is invalid if the the selectedPeople property contains zero items.             | `<mgt-people-picker required></mgt-people-picker>`                                                                 |
```

| `selectedPeople`  | Sets the selected people programmatically.                                                                 | `<mgt-people-picker id="myPeoplePicker"></mgt-people-picker>`. Check example implementation below. |                                             |
| `disabled`         | Sets whether the people picker is disabled. When disabled, the user is not able to search or select people. | `<mgt-people-picker disabled></mgt-people-picker>`                                                                 |

> Example of implementation the `selectedPeople` property for validation in a form:

Reviewer: Honestly I wouldn't bother with this section, it's no necessary
